
Insights do professor Don Knuth

My full-time writing schedule means that I have to be pretty much a hermit. The only way to gain enough efficiency to complete The Art of Computer Programming is to operate in batch mode, concentrating intensively and uninterruptedly on one subject at a time, rather than swapping a number of topics in and out of my head. I'm unable to schedule appointments with visitors, travel to conferences or accept speaking engagements, or undertake any new responsibilities of any kind. ([Knuth: Retirement (stanford.edu)](https://www-cs-faculty.stanford.edu/~knuth/retd.html))

Email is a wonderful thing for people whose role in life is to be on top of things. But not for me; my role is to be on the bottom of things. What I do takes long hours of studying and uninterruptible concentration. I try to learn certain areas of computer science exhaustively; then I try to digest that knowledge into a form that is accessible to people who don't have time for such study. ([Knuth versus Email (stanford.edu)](https://www-cs-faculty.stanford.edu/~knuth/email.html))

 Dorly has 13 years of experience with social impact, product marketing and team management. He co-founded a company called Benfeitoria, in 2011, the first free-of-charge crowdfunding platform in Brazil. Since 2018, He've been teaching millennial managers how to become exemplary leaders and helping their teams building psychological safety in high-performing environment. In 2020 he decided to develop his leadership teaching method and launched an open-source knowledge hub called Workflow, to democratize knowledge on how to build high-performing and healthy teams. He also lead the Global Shapers Community in São Paulo, created by the World Economic Forum to bring together young people who want to transform the world through dialogue and action.